well my honest reason oh yeah this is
Katie's birthday today I know but they
get along with dogs
yeah smelly
they don't even sweat smelly what does
that know so it's just a little cute pic
no smelly their indoor there you want to
share a new pad you really got it MooMoo
Marty how this world no sweetheart look
at that
we're doing this so that I can just keep
sending on and cut to your house there's
some apples and some Cheerios in a cup
let him into your heart yet I'm gonna
see how this works
doesn't everybody
yes Jarvis are they sorry things are
crazy with the call no I think she knows
we're crazy
I think what's funnier than the pig is
Jer walking with it
it's a one-week trial hold on a sec
Charlotte's Web Katie